docs/src/developer/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing

We'd welcome contributions to the Convex.jl package. Here are some
short instructions on how to get started. If you don't know what you'd
like to contribute, you could

 -   take a look at the current
     [issues](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues) and pick
     one. (Feature requests are probably the easiest to tackle.)
 -   add a [usage
     example](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/tree/master/examples).

Then submit a pull request (PR). (Let us know if it's a work in
progress by putting \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)

## Adding examples

 -   Take a look at our existing [usage
     examples](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/tree/master/examples)
     and add another in similar style.
 -   Submit a PR. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by putting
     \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)
 -   We'll look it over, fix up anything that doesn't work, and merge
     it.

## Adding atoms

Here are the steps to add a new function or operation (atom) to
Convex.jl. Let's say you're adding the new function $f$.

 -   Take a look at the
     [nuclear norm atom](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/blob/master/src/atoms/sdp_cone/nuclearnorm.jl)
     for an example of how to construct atoms, and see the
     [norm atom](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/blob/master/src/atoms/second_order_cone/norm.jl)
     for an example of an atom that depends on a parameter.
 -   Copy paste (for example, the nuclear norm file), replace anything saying
     nuclear norm with the name of the atom $f$, fill in monotonicity,
     curvature, etc. Save it in the appropriate subdirectory of
     `src/atoms/`.
 -   Ensure the atom is a mutable struct, so that `objectid` can be called.
 -   Add as a comment a description of what the atom does and its
     parameters.
 -   Ensure `evaluate` is only called during the definition of `evaluate` itself, from `conic_form!`, or
     on constants or matrices. Specifically, `evaluate` must not be called on a potentially `fix!`'d variable
     when the expression tree is being built (for example, when constructing an atom or reformulating),
     since then any changes to the variable's value (or it being `free!`'d) will not be recognized.
     See [#653](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues/653) and [#585](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues/585)
     for previous bugs caused by misuse here.
 -   The most mathematically interesting part is the `new_conic_form!`
     function. Following the example in the nuclear norm atom, you'll
     see that you can just construct the problem whose optimal value is
     $f(x)$, introducing any auxiliary variables you need, exactly as
     you would normally in Convex.jl, and then call `conic_form!`
     on that problem.
 -   Add a test for the atom so we can verify it works in
     `src/problem_depot/problem/<cone>`, where `<cone>` matches the subdirectory of
     `src/atoms`. See [How to write a ProblemDepot problem](@ref) for details
     on how to write the tests.
 -   Following the other examples, add a test to `test/test_atoms.jl`.
 -   Submit a PR, including a description of what the atom does and its
     parameters. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by putting
     \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)
 -   We'll look it over, fix up anything that doesn't work, and merge
     it.

## Fixing the guts

If you want to do a more major bug fix, you may need to understand how Convex.jl
thinks about conic form.

To do this, start by reading [the Convex.jl paper](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.4821.pdf).

You may find our [JuliaCon 2014 talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoI0lEaUvTs&t=128s)
helpful as well; you can find the Jupyter notebook presented in the talk
[here](https://github.com/JuliaCon/presentations/tree/master/CVX).

Convex has been updated several times over the years however, so older
information may be out of date. Here is a brief summary of how the package works
(as of July 2023).

1. A `Problem{T}` struct is created by putting together an objective function
   and constraints. The problem is an expression graph, in which variables and
   constants are the leaf nodes, and atoms form the intermediate nodes. Here `T`
   refers to the numeric type of the problem that all data coefficients will be
   coerced to when we pass the data to a solver.
2. When we go to `solve!` a problem, we first load it into a MathOptInterface
   (MOI) model. To do so, we traverse the `Problem` and apply our extended
   formulations. This occurs via `conic_form!`. We construct a `Context{T}`
   associated to the problem, which holds an MOI model, and progressively load
   it by applying `conic_form!` to each object's children and then itself. For
   variables, `conic_form!` returns `SparseTape{T}` or `ComplexTape{T}`,
   depending on the sign variable. Likewise for constants, `conic_form!` returns
   either `Vector{T}` or `ComplexStructOfVec{T}`. Here a `Tape` refers to a lazy
   sequence of sparse affine operators that will be applied to a vector of
   variables. The central computational task of Convex is to compose this
   sequence of operators (and thus enact it's extended formulations). For atoms,
   `conic_form!` generally either creates a new object using Convex' primitives
   (for example, another problem) and calls `conic_form!` on that, or, when that
   isn't possible, calls `operate` to manipulate the tape objects themselves
   (for example, to add a new operation to the composition). We try to minimize
   the amount of `operate` methods and defer to existing primitives when possible.
   `conic_form!` can also create new constraints and add them directly to the
   model. It is easy to create constraints of the form "vector-affine-function-in-cone"
   for any of MOI's many supported cones; these constraints do not need to be
   exposed at the level of Convex itself as `Constraint` objects, although they
   can be.
3. Once we have filled our `Context{T}`, we go to solve it with MOI. Then we
   recover the solution status and values of primal and dual variables, and
   populate them using dictionaries stored in the `Context`.

You're now armed and dangerous. Go ahead and open an issue (or comment
on a previous one) if you can't figure something out, or submit a PR if
you can figure it out. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by
putting \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)

PRs that comment the code more thoroughly will also be welcomed.

## Developer notes

* `conic_form!` is allowed to mutate the context, but should never mutate the atoms or problems
* We currently construct a fresh context on every solve. It may be possible to set things up to reuse contexts for efficiency.
* Data flow: we take in user data that may be of any type.
    * At the level of problem formulation (when we construct atoms), we convert everything to an `AbstractExpr` (or `Constraint`); in particular, constants become `Constant` or `ComplexConstant`. At this time we don't know the numeric type that will be used to solve the problem.
    * Once we begin to `solve!` the problem, we recursively call `conic_form!`. The output is of type `SparseTape{T}`, `ComplexTape{T}`, `Vector{T}`, or `ComplexStructOfVec{T}`. We can call `operate` to manipulate these outputs.
    * We convert these to `MOI.VectorAffineFunction` before passing them to MOI.

Commit message:

`lieb_ando`: use partially specified problem to get correct `vexity` (#684)

docs/src/developer/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing

We'd welcome contributions to the Convex.jl package. Here are some
short instructions on how to get started. If you don't know what you'd
like to contribute, you could

 -   take a look at the current
     [issues](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues) and pick
     one. (Feature requests are probably the easiest to tackle.)
 -   add a [usage
     example](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/tree/master/examples).

Then submit a pull request (PR). (Let us know if it's a work in
progress by putting \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)

## Adding examples

 -   Take a look at our existing [usage
     examples](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/tree/master/examples)
     and add another in similar style.
 -   Submit a PR. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by putting
     \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)
 -   We'll look it over, fix up anything that doesn't work, and merge
     it.

## Adding atoms

Here are the steps to add a new function or operation (atom) to
Convex.jl. Let's say you're adding the new function $f$.

 -   Take a look at the
     [nuclear norm atom](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/blob/master/src/atoms/sdp_cone/nuclearnorm.jl)
     for an example of how to construct atoms, and see the
     [norm atom](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/blob/master/src/atoms/second_order_cone/norm.jl)
     for an example of an atom that depends on a parameter.
 -   Copy paste (for example, the nuclear norm file), replace anything saying
     nuclear norm with the name of the atom $f$, fill in monotonicity,
     curvature, etc. Save it in the appropriate subdirectory of
     `src/atoms/`.
 -   Ensure the atom is a mutable struct, so that `objectid` can be called.
 -   Add as a comment a description of what the atom does and its
     parameters.
 -   Ensure `evaluate` is only called during the definition of `evaluate` itself, from `conic_form!`, or
     on constants or matrices. Specifically, `evaluate` must not be called on a potentially `fix!`'d variable
     when the expression tree is being built (for example, when constructing an atom or reformulating),
     since then any changes to the variable's value (or it being `free!`'d) will not be recognized.
     See [#653](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues/653) and [#585](https://github.com/jump-dev/Convex.jl/issues/585)
     for previous bugs caused by misuse here.
 -   Do not add constraints to variables directly during a reformulation.
     Instead, create an atom to control the vexity, or return a partially
     specified problem: `minimize(var, constraints...)`, to ensure the `vexity`
     of the result is correct.
 -   The most mathematically interesting part is the `new_conic_form!`
     function. Following the example in the nuclear norm atom, you'll
     see that you can just construct the problem whose optimal value is
     $f(x)$, introducing any auxiliary variables you need, exactly as
     you would normally in Convex.jl, and then call `conic_form!`
     on that problem.
 -   Add a test for the atom so we can verify it works in
     `src/problem_depot/problem/<cone>`, where `<cone>` matches the subdirectory of
     `src/atoms`. See [How to write a ProblemDepot problem](@ref) for details
     on how to write the tests.
 -   Following the other examples, add a test to `test/test_atoms.jl`.
 -   Submit a PR, including a description of what the atom does and its
     parameters. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by putting
     \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)
 -   We'll look it over, fix up anything that doesn't work, and merge
     it.

## Fixing the guts

If you want to do a more major bug fix, you may need to understand how Convex.jl
thinks about conic form.

To do this, start by reading [the Convex.jl paper](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.4821.pdf).

You may find our [JuliaCon 2014 talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoI0lEaUvTs&t=128s)
helpful as well; you can find the Jupyter notebook presented in the talk
[here](https://github.com/JuliaCon/presentations/tree/master/CVX).

Convex has been updated several times over the years however, so older
information may be out of date. Here is a brief summary of how the package works
(as of July 2023).

1. A `Problem{T}` struct is created by putting together an objective function
   and constraints. The problem is an expression graph, in which variables and
   constants are the leaf nodes, and atoms form the intermediate nodes. Here `T`
   refers to the numeric type of the problem that all data coefficients will be
   coerced to when we pass the data to a solver.
2. When we go to `solve!` a problem, we first load it into a MathOptInterface
   (MOI) model. To do so, we traverse the `Problem` and apply our extended
   formulations. This occurs via `conic_form!`. We construct a `Context{T}`
   associated to the problem, which holds an MOI model, and progressively load
   it by applying `conic_form!` to each object's children and then itself. For
   variables, `conic_form!` returns `SparseTape{T}` or `ComplexTape{T}`,
   depending on the sign variable. Likewise for constants, `conic_form!` returns
   either `Vector{T}` or `ComplexStructOfVec{T}`. Here a `Tape` refers to a lazy
   sequence of sparse affine operators that will be applied to a vector of
   variables. The central computational task of Convex is to compose this
   sequence of operators (and thus enact it's extended formulations). For atoms,
   `conic_form!` generally either creates a new object using Convex' primitives
   (for example, another problem) and calls `conic_form!` on that, or, when that
   isn't possible, calls `operate` to manipulate the tape objects themselves
   (for example, to add a new operation to the composition). We try to minimize
   the amount of `operate` methods and defer to existing primitives when possible.
   `conic_form!` can also create new constraints and add them directly to the
   model. It is easy to create constraints of the form "vector-affine-function-in-cone"
   for any of MOI's many supported cones; these constraints do not need to be
   exposed at the level of Convex itself as `Constraint` objects, although they
   can be.
3. Once we have filled our `Context{T}`, we go to solve it with MOI. Then we
   recover the solution status and values of primal and dual variables, and
   populate them using dictionaries stored in the `Context`.

You're now armed and dangerous. Go ahead and open an issue (or comment
on a previous one) if you can't figure something out, or submit a PR if
you can figure it out. (Let us know if it's a work in progress by
putting \[WIP\] in the name of the PR.)

PRs that comment the code more thoroughly will also be welcomed.

## Developer notes

* `conic_form!` is allowed to mutate the context, but should never mutate the atoms or problems
* We currently construct a fresh context on every solve. It may be possible to set things up to reuse contexts for efficiency.
* Data flow: we take in user data that may be of any type.
    * At the level of problem formulation (when we construct atoms), we convert everything to an `AbstractExpr` (or `Constraint`); in particular, constants become `Constant` or `ComplexConstant`. At this time we don't know the numeric type that will be used to solve the problem.
    * Once we begin to `solve!` the problem, we recursively call `conic_form!`. The output is of type `SparseTape{T}`, `ComplexTape{T}`, `Vector{T}`, or `ComplexStructOfVec{T}`. We can call `operate` to manipulate these outputs.
    * We convert these to `MOI.VectorAffineFunction` before passing them to MOI.
